New alien faction: the Bunrodea (#6438)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/bunrodea/bunrodea ships.txt

# Copyright (c) 2021 by Amazinite
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

> ship "Kaiken"

Reviewer: Iirc, these were supposed to have cloaks, right? I think they did before, but don't at the moment. It sounds like these are the ships in the intro missions too.

Author: They had cloaks, but I removed them. Felt like it was a bit much, particularly after bringing the strength of all the Bunrodea ships and weapons down a few pegs.

The Sasumata still has a cloaking device.

Reviewer: So would the two ships in the intro be Sasumata's then? Or custom Kaiken's?

Author: It's only one ship in the intro now.

	sprite "ship/kaiken"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/kaiken"
	attributes
		category "Fighter"
		"cost" 1199000
		"shields" 3200
		"hull" 800
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 50
		"drag" 1
		"heat dissipation" 0.95
		"outfit space" 121
		"weapon capacity" 35
		"engine capacity" 45
		weapon
			"blast radius" 40
			"shield damage" 400
			"hull damage" 200
			"hit force" 600
	outfits
		"Locust Blaster" 3
		
		"Solar Battery"
		"Solar Cell" 27
		"Small Shield Relay"
		"Shield Relay Limiter" 6
		
		"Chiisana Rift Thruster" 2
		"Chiisana Rift Steering"
	
	engine -5.5 30.5
	engine 5.5 30.5
	gun -7 -31
	gun 7 -31
	gun 0 -20
	leak "flame" 60 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 15

> 	description "While not particularly fast by fighter standards, where the Kaiken lacks in speed it makes up for in durability and firepower; it boasts a significant amount of weapon space and ports for up to three guns, allowing for the use of a trio of Locust Blasters or the option of using a larger Mandible Cannon."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "While not particularly fast by fighter standards, where the Kaiken lacks in speed it makes up for in durability and firepower; it boasts a significant amount of weapon space and ports for up to three guns, allowing for the use of a trio of Locust Blasters or the option of using a larger Mandible Cannon."
	description "	Fighters do not come equipped with a hyperdrive. You cannot carry a fighter unless you have a ship in your fleet with a fighter bay."
```

> 

Reviewer: Need that generic second line about fighter/drone usage.

> 	description "While not particularly fast by fighter standards, where the Kaiken lacks in speed it makes up for in durability and firepower; it boasts a significant amount of weapon space and ports for up to three guns. Should the Kaiken need to retreat, each fighter has a built in cloaking device and a small amount of fuel that should be enough to allow the fighter to return to its carrier for repairs."

Reviewer 2: They don't seem to have any fuel.

Author: The cloak was removed at some point, and the fuel removed with it.

ship "Kunai"
	sprite "ship/kunai"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/kunai"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 12444000
		"shields" 21400
		"hull" 5700
		"required crew" 15
		"bunks" 37
		"mass" 370
		"drag" 5.2
		"heat dissipation" 0.85
		"fuel capacity" 700
		"cargo space" 28
		"outfit space" 407
		"weapon capacity" 158
		"engine capacity" 102
		weapon
			"blast radius" 210
			"shield damage" 2100
			"hull damage" 1050
			"hit force" 3150
	outfits
		"Mandible Cannon" 4
		"Locust Blaster" 2
		
		"Quark Reactor"
		"Solar Battery" 2
		"Solar Cell" 28
		"Small Shield Relay"
		"Shield Relay Booster" 4
		"Small Nanite Fabricator"
		
		"Ookii Rift Thruster"
		"Ookii Rift Steering"
		"Chiisana Rift Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
	
	engine -8 49
	engine 8 49
	gun -5.5 -29.5 "Locust Blaster"
	gun 5.5 -29.5 "Locust Blaster"
	gun -13.5 -20.5 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun 13.5 -20.5 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun -40 -19 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun 40 -19 "Mandible Cannon"
	leak "leak" 50 50
	leak "flame" 80 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 60
	explode "small explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 40
	explode "large explosion" 20
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description "The Kunai is the smallest of the Bunrodea's gunships, warships which focus heavily on the power of their forward facing guns. Lacking any turret mounts and focusing more on turning quickly than traveling fast, the Kunai is highly susceptible to missile weaponry and must rely on other ships in the fleet to carry anti-missile turrets."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Kunai is the smallest of the Bunrodea's gunships, warships which focus heavily on the power of their forward-facing guns. Lacking any turret mounts and focusing more on turning quickly than traveling fast, the Kunai is highly susceptible to missile weaponry and must rely on other ships in the fleet to carry anti-missile turrets."
```

# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

ship "Kaiken"
	sprite "ship/kaiken"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/kaiken"
	attributes
		category "Fighter"
		"cost" 2998000
		"shields" 5900
		"hull" 1900
		"required crew" 2
		"bunks" 2
		"mass" 50
		"drag" 1
		"heat dissipation" 0.95
		"fuel capacity" 50
		"outfit space" 120
		"weapon capacity" 38
		"engine capacity" 45
		"cloak" .01
		"cloaking energy" 5
		"cloaking fuel" .0135
		weapon
			"blast radius" 40
			"shield damage" 400
			"hull damage" 200
			"hit force" 600
	outfits
		"Locust Blaster" 3
		
		"Solar Battery" 2
		"Solar Cell" 17
		"Small Shield Relay"
		"Shield Relay Booster" 4
		
		"Chiisana Rift Thruster" 2
		"Chiisana Rift Steering"
	
	engine -5.5 30.5
	engine 5.5 30.5
	gun -7 -31
	gun 7 -31
	gun 0 -20
	leak "flame" 60 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 15

> 	description "While not particularly fast by fighter standards, where the Kaiken lacks in speed it makes up for in durability and firepower, boasting a significant amount of weapon space and ports for up to three guns. And should the Kaiken need to retreat, each fighter has a built in cloaking device and a small amount of fuel that should be enough to allow the fighter to return to its carrier for repairs."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "While not particularly fast by fighter standards, where the Kaiken lacks in speed it makes up for in durability and firepower; it boasts a significant amount of weapon space and ports for up to three guns. Should the Kaiken need to retreat, each fighter has a built in cloaking device and a small amount of fuel that should be enough to allow the fighter to return to its carrier for repairs."
```

ship "Sasumata"
	sprite "ship/sasumata"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/sasumata"
	attributes
		category "Transport"
		"cost" 18200000
		"shields" 28200
		"hull" 9400
		"required crew" 10
		"bunks" 72
		"mass" 340
		"drag" 4.7
		"heat dissipation" 0.8
		"fuel capacity" 700
		"cargo space" 32
		"outfit space" 397
		"weapon capacity" 142
		"engine capacity" 126
		"cloak" .05
		"cloaking energy" 10
		"cloaking fuel" .05
		weapon
			"blast radius" 90
			"shield damage" 900
			"hull damage" 450
			"hit force" 1350
	outfits
		"Swarm Pod" 2
		"Swarm Missile" 600
		"Buzzer Anti-Missile" 2
		
		"Quark Reactor"
		"Reactor Overclocker" 2
		"Solar Battery" 3
		"Solar Cell" 10
		"Large Shield Relay"
		"Small Nanite Fabricator"
		"Nanite Enhancer" 2
		
		"Subarashii Rift Thruster"
		"Ookii Rift Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
	
	engine -11 109
	engine 11 109
	gun -12.5 -110.5
	gun 12.5 -110.5
	turret -10 -5
	turret 10 -5
	bay "Fighter" 0 -93
	bay "Fighter" 0 -93
	bay "Fighter" 0 -93
	bay "Fighter" 0 -93
	leak "leak" 50 50
	leak "big leak" 80 30
	explode "tiny explosion" 30
	explode "small explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 20
	explode "large explosion" 5
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description "The Sasumata is the chief scout ship of the Bunrodea. While not designed for combat, this stealth transport vessel is still capable of holding its all against some smaller warships thanks to its four fighter bays that turn the Sasumata into a force to be reckoned with while its fighters are deployed."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Sasumata is the chief scout ship of the Bunrodea. While not designed for combat, this stealth transport vessel is still capable of holding its all against some smaller warships thanks to its four fighter bays that turn the Sasumata into a force to be reckoned with when its fighters are deployed."
```

ship "Kunai"
	sprite "ship/kunai"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/kunai"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 29280000
		"shields" 63600
		"hull" 20700
		"required crew" 15
		"bunks" 37
		"mass" 370
		"drag" 5.2
		"heat dissipation" 0.85
		"fuel capacity" 700
		"cargo space" 28
		"outfit space" 407
		"weapon capacity" 154
		"engine capacity" 117
		weapon
			"blast radius" 210
			"shield damage" 2100
			"hull damage" 1050
			"hit force" 3150
	outfits
		"Mandible Cannon" 4
		"Locust Blaster" 2
		
		"Electroweak Reactor"
		"Solar Battery"
		"Solar Cell" 12
		"Large Shield Relay"
		"Shield Relay Booster" 2
		
		"Nami Rift Thruster"
		"Ookii Rift Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
	
	engine -8 49
	engine 8 49
	gun -5.5 -29.5 "Locust Blaster"
	gun 5.5 -29.5 "Locust Blaster"
	gun -13.5 -20.5 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun 13.5 -20.5 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun -40 -19 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun 40 -19 "Mandible Cannon"
	leak "leak" 50 50
	leak "flame" 80 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 60
	explode "small explosion" 30
	explode "medium explosion" 40
	explode "large explosion" 20
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description "The Kunai is the smallest of the Bunrodea's gunships, warships which focus heavily on the power of their forward facing guns. Lacking any turret mounts and focusing more on turning quickly than traveling fast, the Kunai is highly susceptible to missile weaponry and must rely on other ships in the fleet to carry anti-missile turrets."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Kunai is the smallest of the Bunrodea's gunships, warships which focus heavily on the power of their forward facing guns. Lacking any turret mounts and focusing more on turning quickly than travelling fast, the Kunai is highly susceptible to missile weaponry and must rely on other ships in the fleet to carry anti-missile turrets."
```

		"outfit space" 573
		"weapon capacity" 247
		"engine capacity" 121
		weapon
			"blast radius" 350
			"shield damage" 3500
			"hull damage" 1750
			"hit force" 5250
	outfits
		"Locust Blaster" 2
		"Mandible Cannon" 4
		"Swarm Pod" 4
		"Swarm Missile" 1200
		"Buzzer Anti-Missile"
		
		"Electroweak Reactor"
		"Reactor Overclocker" 2
		"Solar Battery"
		"Solar Cell" 8
		"Large Shield Relay"
		"Shield Relay Booster" 3
		"Small Nanite Fabricator"
		"Nanite Enhancer"
		"Outfits Expansion"
		
		"Ookii Rift Thruster"
		"Ookii Rift Steering"
		"Nami Rift Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
		
	engine -11.5 132.5
	engine 11.5 132.5
	gun -5 -114 "Locust Blaster"
	gun 5 -114 "Locust Blaster"
	gun -14 -105.5 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun 14 -105.5 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun -24.5 -129 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun 24.5 -129 "Mandible Cannon"
	gun -54.5 -20 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 54.5 -20 "Swarm Pod"
	gun -62.5 -9.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 62.5 -9.5 "Swarm Pod"
	turret 0 54.5
	leak "leak" 50 50
	leak "flame" 80 80
	leak "big leak" 80 30
	explode "tiny explosion" 80
	explode "small explosion" 40
	explode "medium explosion" 40
	explode "large explosion" 30
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"

> 	description "The Kama gunship is a formidable warship, capable of carrying up to ten guns as well as having a single turret mount typically equipped with an anti-missile turret, making the Kama less susceptible to missile weaponry than its smaller sibling, the Kunai."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Kama gunship is a formidable warship, capable of carrying up to ten guns as well as having a single turret mount typically equipped with an anti-missile turret. This makes the Kama less susceptible to missile weaponry than its smaller sibling, the Kunai."
```

	outfits
		"Thorax Cannon"
		"Locust Blaster" 6
		"Swarm Pod" 10
		"Swarm Missile" 3000
		
		"Dark Reactor"
		"Reactor Overclocker" 6
		"Solar Battery" 3
		"Large Shield Relay"
		"Shield Relay Booster" 6
		"Small Nanite Fabricator"
		"Outfits Expansion" 2
		
		"Ookii Rift Thruster"
		"Subarashii Rift Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
		
	engine -75 155
	engine 75 155
	engine -22.5 183.5
	engine 22.5 183.5
	gun 0 -143 "Thorax Cannon"
	gun -14.5 -153 "Locust Blaster"
	gun 14.5 -153 "Locust Blaster"
	gun -24 -157.5 "Locust Blaster"
	gun 24 -157.5 "Locust Blaster"
	gun -33.5 -175 "Locust Blaster"
	gun 33.5 -175 "Locust Blaster"
	gun -67 -26.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 67 -26.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun -75 12.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 75 12.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun -82.5 21.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 82.5 21.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun -95.5 85.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 95.5 85.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun -106.5 105.5 "Swarm Pod"
	gun 106.5 105.5 "Swarm Pod"
	turret -20.5 40
	turret 20.5 40
	leak "leak" 30 50
	leak "flame" 30 80
	leak "big leak" 30 30
	explode "tiny explosion" 90
	explode "small explosion" 70
	explode "medium explosion" 45
	explode "large explosion" 20
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description "The Chigiriki is the largest of the Bunrodea's gunships, boasting an astonishing seventeen gun ports, one of which is equipped with the devastating Thorax Cannon, a massive canon capable of dealing significant damage to any ship that dares get in the Chigiriki's way. Some Chigiriki also double as missile platforms, raining down a walls of missiles so thick on their target that it can blot out the nearest star."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Chigiriki is the largest of the Bunrodea's gunships, boasting an astonishing seventeen gun ports. One of these ports is equipped with the devastating Thorax Cannon, a massive cannon capable of dealing significant damage to any ship that dares get in the Chigiriki's way. Some Chigiriki also double as missile platforms, raining down a walls of missiles so thick on their target that it can blot out the nearest star."
```
